Update changelog (#120)
typst/codex: CHANGELOG.md

  - `power.off`: ⭘
  - `power.on.off`: ⏼
  - `power.sleep`: ⏾

- Cyrillic
  - `sha`: ш
  - `Sha`: Ш

- Greek
  - `digamma`: ϝ
  - `epsilon.alt.rev`: ϶
  - `iota.inv`: ℩
  - `Digamma`: Ϝ
  - `Theta.alt`: ϴ

- Astronomical
  - `earth`: 🜨
  - `earth.alt`: ♁
  - `jupiter`: ♃
  - `mars`: ♂
  - `mercury`: ☿
  - `neptune`: ♆
  - `neptune.alt`: ⯉
  - `saturn`: ♄
  - `sun`: ☉
  - `uranus`: ⛢
  - `uranus.alt`: ♅
  - `venus`: ♀

- Gender
  - `gender.female`: ♀
  - `gender.female.double`: ⚢
  - `gender.female.male`: ⚤
  - `gender.intersex`: ⚥
  - `gender.male`: ♂
  - `gender.male.double`: ⚣
  - `gender.male.female`: ⚤
  - `gender.male.stroke`: ⚦
  - `gender.male.stroke.t`: ⚨
  - `gender.male.stroke.r`: ⚩
  - `gender.neuter`: ⚲
  - `gender.trans`: ⚧

### New in `emoji`

- `donkey`: 🫏
- `face.shaking`: 🫨
- `faith.khanda`: 🪯
- `flower.hyacinth`: 🪻
- `flute`: 🪈
- `ginger`: 🫚
- `goose`: 🪿
- `hairpick`: 🪮
- `hand.pushing.l`: 🫷
- `hand.pushing.r`: 🫸
- `handfan`: 🪭
- `heart.gray`: 🩶
- `heart.lightblue`: 🩵
- `heart.pink`: 🩷
- `jellyfish`: 🪼
- `maracas`: 🪇
- `moose`: 🫎
- `peapod`: 🫛
- `wing`: 🪽
- `wireless`: 🛜
- `dancing.bunny.men`: 👯‍♂
- `dancing.bunny.women`: 👯‍♀

### Deprecated

- Hebrew

>   - `diff`, use `partial` instead

Reviewer: Was `diff` a thing in Hebrew or is this line in the wrong place?

  - `alef`, use `aleph` instead
  - `bet`, use `beth` instead
  - `gimmel`, use `gimel` instead
  - `dalet`, use `daleth` instead
  - `shin`, perhaps use `sha` instead

- CJK compatibility
  - `ast.small`, use ﹡ or `\u{fe61}` instead
  - `plus.small`, use ﹢ or `\u{fe62}` instead
  - `eq.small`, use ﹦ or `\u{fe66}` instead
  - `gt.small`, use ﹥ or `\u{fe65}` instead
  - `lt.small`, use ﹤ or `\u{fe64}` instead

> - `circle` -> `o`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `circle` -> `o` for mathematical operators
```

  - `bar.v.circle`, use `bar.v.o` instead
  - `ast.circle`, use `convolve.o` or `ast.op.o` instead
  - `backslash.circle`, use `backslash.o` instead
  - `dash.circle`, use `dash.o` instead
  - `dot.circle`, use `dot.o` instead
  - `dot.circle.big`, use `dot.o.big` instead
  - `plus.circle`, use `plus.o` instead
  - `plus.circle.arrow`, use `plus.o.arrow` instead
  - `plus.circle.big`, use `plus.o.big` instead
  - `minus.circle`, use `minus.o` instead
  - `div.circle`, use `div.o` instead
  - `times.circle`, use `times.o` instead
  - `times.circle.big`, use `times.o.big` instead
  - `eq.circle`, use `eq.o` instead
  - `gt.circle`, use `gt.o` instead
  - `lt.circle`, use `lt.o` instead
  - `parallel.circle`, use `parallel.o` instead
  - `perp.circle`, use `perp.o` instead
  - `circle.nested`, use `compose.o` instead

- `angle` -> `chevron`
  - `angle.l` and `angle.r` to `chevron.l` and `chevron.r`, respectively
  - `quote.angle` to `quote.chevron`

> - `double` -> `stroked`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `double` -> `stroked` for double-struck delimiters
```

  - `paren.double`, use `paren.stroked` instead
  - `bracket.double`, use `bracket.stroked` instead
  - `shell.double`, use `shell.stroked` instead

- Other
  - `angle.spheric.top`, use `angle.spheric.t` instead
  - `angle.right.sq`, use `angle.right.square` instead
  - `planck.reduce`, use `planck` instead
  - `angle.oblique`, use `angle.obtuse` instead
  - `kai`, use ϗ or `\u{3d7}` instead
  - `Kai`, use Ϗ or `\u{3c5}` instead

>   - `franc`, because the symbol was only ever a proposal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `franc`, because the symbol was never used in practice
```

I think this is clearer because "proposal" could be confused with proposals to Codex itself.
